Strawberry would say to him
Boy remember
I might let you go next time we meet
Hahahahaha little brat
Here we are again.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Your Majesty forgives his sins
Nie Zi is talented
Collided His Majesty
They are all subjects with no discipline
All responsibility lies with the minister
Please punish your majesty
Hey, it really is a pustule.
It's embarrassing to come up
Fortunately, I broke off the marriage in time.
Otherwise, wouldn't it be because of me that I am humiliated today?
Why is that?
lamb
Since you are courting death yourself, it is better for me to help you.
Your Majesty kills too much
Enmity of the Past
Forget the corpses all over the place
The child is unarmed
If you kill
This method is too cruel
Such a cold-blooded person
If you want to be an official
That must be a disaster
Nice dialect makes sense
Strong men kill enemies on the battlefield
Rather than killing young and old
So children kill young and old at home
Just greedy
What General Wang said is very true
Gao's broadsword does not cut the old and the young
But Gao still has a small one
A lie
But it's hard to hide your brutal nature
I have a lot of money and will, the fruit of benevolence and righteousness
This trip
It was outrageous.
Damage Tianhe
Miss Cui Zhuangyuan Song
You are in high positions
Unmatched by the peak understanding of the ministers and the admiration of the grass-roots people
But the grass-roots are just ordinary people
The grass people can't let him go
otherwise
It will make Caomin's family spend it in unease
How do you know that ten years later
Will he take revenge again?
According to His Majesty
If the little boy's father
Know the truth of cutting weeds and eradicating roots
Where is the disaster of today's extinction?
But on the other hand, if you don't cut the grass and eradicate the roots
10 years later, 20 years later.
There could be another annihilation
It will fall on the head of my Gao family
I can live my whole life in guilt
But I am tall
You can't live your whole life in fear
Cutting weeds to remove roots is the principle taught by the little boy's father